{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\li284\ri120\b\f0\fs22 Warning: \b0 This computer program is protected by copyright law and international treaties.\fs34    \line\fs22 Unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this program, or any portion of it, may result in severe civil and criminal penalties, and will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible under the law.\par
\fs28   \line\b License Agreement\line\cf1\fs22 Copyright by Zentrum Publishing, All Rights reserved. \line\cf0 You may NOT tamper with this License Agreement.\b0\fs16\line\fs22 This License Agreement\b  \b0 replaces all License Agreements prior to \b 2014\fs36  \b0\fs22 for \b all Versions \b0 of the following Zentrum Publishing Software Programs: \par
\i Aromatherapy and Essential Oils, Awareness E-Book, Cancer Educational Software, Chakras, Herbs, Homeopathy, Natural Healing (main program), Natural Healing Introduction (freeware), Nutrition, MyDataBank (MDB), Side-Effects, Wellness, Yantras, and Yoga Freeware.\i0\par
And applies also for our German-language Software Programs: \par
\i Aromatherapie und Aetherische Oele, Heilpflanzen, Homoeopathie, and Naturheilkunde.\i0\par
Any Software Program may also have a separate License Agreement or a ReadFirst text file which are supplementary and, therefore, are also part of this License Agreement. \par
\line Within this License Agreement, "\b this Software\b0 " refers to the accompanying software AND all of the information (code, text and images) included within.\line\fs28   \b\fs22\par
\fs24 General Disclaimer:\par
This Software does not give any medical advice. Zentrum Publishing does not give any medical advice.\line\lang1023\b0\fs22 Usage of words like Healing, Cure, Remedy or any word with a similar meaning does not imply that Zentrum Publishing claims to have a cure or suggests a treatment for any disease. \lang1033 We publish solely to offer reference and educational material which might not be readily available otherwise.\par
This Software is licensed to any user on the understanding, and only then, that the author cannot and will not be held responsible for any damage it might cause to one's body and/or mind, one's computer hardware and/or software.\par
\par
\b Important:\par
\b0 Zentrum Publishing licenses this Software to you only for \b educational purposes\b0  and upon the understanding that the conditions of this License Agreement are fully accepted by you.\par
By using this Software for any length of time, partly of fully functional, you agree to accept all of the terms and conditions of this License Agreement. You agree that this Agreement is enforceable like any written, negotiated, agreed and signed contract by yourself.\par
If you cannot agree to these terms, Zentrum Publishing does NOT agree to license this Software to you. If you were unable to review this License before purchasing a copy of this Software and if you do NOT agree with the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, you are urged to return this Software immediately for a full refund.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 License Grant (Shareware / Unregistered):\par
\b0\fs22 The Shareware version of this Software may be copied only under the following conditions:\par
1. The Shareware must be in it's original unregistered state.\par
2. The Shareware must not be tampered with or altered in any way.\par
3. The Shareware must not be decoded, decompiled, or disassembled.\par
\par
\b Shareware Distribution and File Integrity:\line\b0 We submit the Shareware versions of our Software Programs to many well-known Shareware Companies and Distributors which provide additional - and much appreciated - download opportunities. These third party sites have their own security systems in place and we do not have much influence on the way our files are stored, handled and distributed. \par
Therefore, Zentrum Publishing cannot assume responsibility for alterations or damages of any Zentrum Publishing file downloaded and obtained from third party sites.\par
\par
\par
\b\fs24 License Grant (Registered):\b0\par
\fs22 Within your own home or small business, you may use one license to run this Software on 2 computers. In this case, please contact Zentrum Publishing to obtain a second Registration Key.\par
Otherwise, a single license is intended only for a single computer.\par
\fs28   \b\fs22\par
\pard\li284\ri120\tx284 Copyright:\par
\b0 This License Agreement grants you the right to install and use a copy of this Software - but full ownership rights of this Software, including all contained information (text and images), remain the exclusive property of Zentrum Publishing.\par
\pard\li426\ri120\tx284\b\par
You may NOT copy or distribute any of the information contained in this Software.\par
\b0 This Software and the information it contains is NOT Public Domain.\par
You may NOT upload this Software, or any part of this Software, to any Internet Website, BBS, LAN, Network or Intranet.\par
You may NOT sublicense, rent, lease, sell, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or tamper with the code in any way.\par
You may NOT use this Software for any kind of commercial or public purposes!\par
You may NOT use this Software, nor any of the information contained within, for use in any publication of any kind.\par
\par
All requests to use this Software, in whole or in part, outside of this License Agreement must be made directly to Zentrum Publishing and await written consent.\par
\par
\b Quotations and Reprints: \b0 Any lengthy quotation or reprint requires prior, written permission by Zentrum Publishing. Permission requests may be made by submitting the selected page with a description of its intended purpose. Use of any image also requires prior written permission.\par
\pard\li284\ri120\tx284\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Backup Copies / File Transfers:\line\b0 You can make copies of this Software's\b  original installation file \b0 for back-up purposes or to transfer this Software to a second computer also used by you. However, a backup copy may not be necessary since you can download the newest version of this Software directly from our website when you need it.\par
If you require a new Registration Key for this Software, please contact Zentrum Publishing.\par
\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Expiration:\b0\par
Once licensed and fully-functional, your right to use this Software \b does not expire\b0 , unless you have broken the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.\par
If you require a new Registration Key for this Software, a new one will be supplied.\par
\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Responsibility to Upgrade:\b0  \par
This Software and it's educational information is considered outdated within the period of one (1) year and may have to be upgraded from time to time. Free updates are included with your initial purchase. Since we cannot upgrade for you, the responsibility to upgrade lies with you.\par
\pard\li284\ri120\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Loss of Data, Loss of Information, Damage to Database:\par
\b0 A free databank (MDB) is available to licensed owners of any Zentrum Publishing natural healing Software Program. You can use this databank to enter your own information; however, you are solely responsible for backing-up and securing your information. In case any loss of data occurs, Zentrum Publishing cannot be held responsible for such loss.\par
\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Refund Policy: \par
\b0 If you are not fully satisfied with this Software, you have the right to return this Software for a full refund within 30 days with proof of purchase.\par
\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Disclaimer of Responsibility:\par
\b0 Although we believe that the information contained in this Software is correct, neither Zentrum Publishing nor any of the authors, contributors or advisors resume any responsibility for the correctness of any of the information. \par
\fs28   \fs16\par
\b\fs22 Indemnity:\line\b0 You agree to hold Zentrum Publishing and any Third Party involved, including Shareware and Software Companies, harmless from any or all Liabilities, Damages, Losses or Claims. \par
\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Statutary Limitations:\line\b0 You acknowledge that Statutary Limitations may be applicable for certain parts or all of the License Agreement. \par
\par
\par
\b This License Agreement will be governed by the laws of the Province of Saskatchewan, Canada. \par
\b0 We acknowledge your rights as outlayed in the Agreement above. Zentrum Publishing also acknowledges special rights as a result of special laws or limitations set by various countries. \par
In no case shall Zentrum Publishing's Liability exceed the purchase price of this Software.\par
\par
\b Changes to this License Agreement: \b0 Zentrum Publishing reserves the right to make changes to this License Agreement from time to time or whenever found necessary. The new License Agreement will be immediately valid for all Software Programs. As our software evolves, so too will this License Agreement. As this Software becomes outdated, so too will this License Agreement. Only the most recent License Agreement is valid and can be obtained at any time by email request to Zentrum Publishing. \par
\fs28   \fs22\par
\b Contact Zentrum Publishing:\line\b0 For further information, support, or to obtain the most recent License Agreement, please write to:\par
Zentrum Publishing, Box 505, Choiceland, SK  S0J 0M0  Canada\par
Email: \b contact@homeopathy-software.net\cf2\par
}
 